so I so what's going on in summer
everybody can doing um well I I've just
got back in the swing of it cuz I mean I
still had the bone bruise that I
suffered at the last game and so on I
took some time off and so for me I'm
just trying to get back in and get my
legs back onto me and just uh get some
rhythm back for me how are you
physically close to a hundred percent um
I would say close to it I mean um I mean
with this there's no no time to it with
a bone bruise so some really hot my my
buddy recovers to it so I'm just taking
a day at a time is there anything to
coach Monty or anyone told you
specifically that you want that you
wanted to work on this summer when you
do heal um just some I'm just working on
being a better point guard and I'm a man
named they always just tell me it'd be a
control my team out there try to control
my team and and be a leader out there
even out here before is there anything
specifically and some early that you
look forward to that you will be doing
um I think it's the competiveness uh
everybody's gonna be real competitive I
mean I'm everybody's looking for a job
and so I think the tensity level is
gonna be hot it's obviously hard to get
a lot of guys you never really played on
the same team together in such a short
period of time what do you think is the
biggest challenge that coach faces are
in doing so I'm just getting that
chemistry down I mean it's it's hard to
go out and play with people that you
haven't played with before and so on and
for us I think that's what we try to do
with the minicamp we was just trying to
get familiarized with the plays and and
and how people how each other play and
so on that's probably the biggest thing
it's just getting that chemistry level
is there anybody out here who hadn't met
before who who's impressed you put in
particular um we have a lot on this
tennis team so far on the Hornets um a
lot I haven't said first chance to claim
lost on me I'm but he's he's quick with
the bar he's probably one of the
quickest up people asking with the ball
so um I think that's something that
stood out to me how how quick he is with
the ball um
he wasn't he's not really a natural
point he hasn't played that position for
in college especially and what is it you
know because you've played both guard
positions what what is the challenging
moving to play more of a point guard and
in the point guard position as opposed
to the challenges I mean that's when me
I had I had to the problem I mean I was
always a score in college I mean I play
the two so I've always good score score
score my minds and that's a point guard
you gotta get your teammates involved
and so on I think that's was the hardest
thing for me it's just controlling my
team and making sure that I'm set aside
everybody out there is it difficult I
mean I imagined it to be a score first
guy every time you get the boy from
score and then all of a sudden you
realize even if you haven't opened shot
sometimes it's better to pass it i mean
is that is that my summarizing it right
now I'm kind of I mean that's that's
what do you I mean the point guard is to
do I mean go out there and facilitate
and get this teammates involved and
later in the game i guess you can kind
of look for your own shot cool anything
in particular about new orleans that you
took from last year that you didn't know
they really really enjoy a tour oh well
I wasn't around for lunch I mean I was
there for about three days and we were
on the road for the rest of time so I
really haven't had a chance to really uh
enjoy no one focusing on improving this
offseason um my ball-handling and let my
turnovers and I'm just controlling my
team yeah